# Agenda Meeting #8

- Location: DW
- Datum: 27.03
- Time: 16:45-17:45
- Attendees: Natalia, Alex, Raul, Ivan, Chaan, Yehor, Dimitar
- Chair: Raul
- Note taker: Dimitar

## Agenda-items

* 16:45 **Opening by chair** how is everybody

* 16:47 **Stand-up meeting** What did everybody do this week? Compare with git inspector.

* 17:02 **Question round** Take the question in order if we can.

* 17:15 **Testing discussion** Discuss how we should approach testing.

* 17:30 **Data propagation** Alex wants to talk about data flow using rest api / websockets.

* 17:35 **Miscellaneous** tbd

* 17:40 **Feedback Round** Conclude and evaluate what we've done and what's left to do.

* 17:44 **Closure** Bye!

### Questions

- [ ] is it ok that we deleted old branches?
- [ ] is rebasing ok? (just asking)
- [ ] can we update java to v17?
- [ ] how do we present the project?
- [ ] how many pts did we lose for not respencting milestones?
- [ ] same for missing tests?

## Notes (note taker Dimitar)
tbd
