# Agenda (chair Raul)

## Agenda Meeting #3

- Location:     DW
- Datum:        01.03
- Time:         16:45-17:45
- Attendees:    Natalia, Alex, Raul, Ivan, Chaan, Yehor, Dimitar
- Chair:        Raul
- Notetaker:    Dimitar

## Agenda-items

* 16:45     **Opening by chair**

* 16:50     **Check-in with teammates** check contributions (gitinspector), check if everyone has looked into spring and javafx, check availability

* 17:00     **Check Backlog** discuss differences between ours and the official

* 17:10     **Code of Conduct**

* 17:15     **Endpoints feedback** is it enough/correct?

* 17:20     **Question Round** (see questions below)

* 17:30     **Summary & action points** â€“ Who, what, when, if?

* 17:40     **Feedback Round** Is everything going smoothly between us?

* 17:44     **Closure**

### Questions
- do we want user authentication?
- what user data can we store?
- What is the buddy check about?

## Notes (note taker Dimitar)

Start
agenda-git inspector always add a time slot for it

git inspector

- all approved
- but needed comments

code comparing - line contribution the number of rows is important.

This week - HCI and activity bank, team work assignment
next week - buddy check. - feedback on peers (anonymous).(Please English)

Backlog feedback 
- our backlog update it to the real backlog 3.01.2022
- issues are not nessecery to be in different questions. Issues can be combined. Can lose some points on description and format.

- admin -Q how should the admin interface work? - A (Waiting an answer.)

- question not being understandable - what does it mean for the question composition.

CoC feedback - no time for feedback

Endpoint  - sufficient - move the class in the API folder.

HCI feedback - really nice description
                - missing the images
                - no link
references - check HCI Rubik - all official external resources

HCI - maybe make the testers  look at it again for additional feedback, send to other teams, friends and specialists.

HCI "I will summarize" should be paraphrased  in to not so personal
 - issues should be connected to the heuristics 
 - add photos in Figma with the reworked product.

Agenda - important stuff should be before the more general stuff.

Teamwork - we should pick up the pace, and finish all the must-have this spring. We should do the work we have taken.

Waited for the official backlog. 

Small meeting with not all people participating, so we should try to finish the work on Thursdays.
Thursday should be much more consistent and productive. Currently, we are very slow and inefficient.
People should be more responsible with technical issues.

Sprint  Monday -> Sunday merge to main  on Sunday 23.59 (Do not merge 15 minutes before the deadline, because it can be slow.)

CoC update today.


Testing - JUnit and coverage , focus on JUnit, every method should be tested at least once.
!!EVERYTHING IN BACKHAND CAN BE TESTED!!

Little demo  each week to show products.

Check style - Q can we use the last years - A yes we can choose them.

LongBug - dependence, it can generate  test and setters

Delete backlog
Write the official backlog.
Make it in smaller issues.
Just figure out how much time it would take for an issue
Distribute the issues.


This week:
HCI deadline
Teamwork Deadline 4a
Activity Bank

Next week:
Buddy check


Activity Bank submit questions for big questions database. 4x5 = 20 questions.

Look at activity back on GitLab.

Alex is better at letting others talking, but could be better.

16:45 next week meeting again.
